[NEW BONUS GUIDE] Install / Update / Uninstall common languages (#1150)
raspibolt/raspibolt: guide/bonus/lightning/circuit-breaker.md

## Install Go

> * To [install Go](https://raspibolt.org/guide/bonus/raspberry-pi/golang.html#install-go) follow the instructions provided in the bonus guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To [install Go](../raspberry-pi/golang.md#install-go) follow the instructions provided in the bonus guide.
```
